README.md, before:

# Amazing Pages that I found in 2017 👋


## Table of Contents
- [Development](#development)
   - [Project Management](#project-management)
   - [Version Control](#version-control)
   - [Web](#web-tools)
   - [Online Compiler](#online-compiler)
   - [Forum](#forum)
   - [Articles](#articles)
   - [Editor](#ide)
   - [Design](#design)
- [Random](#random)


## Development

### Project Management

#### [Trello](https://trello.com/) - Trello lets you work more collaboratively and get more done.
   - Trusted by millions, Trello is the visual collaboration tool that creates a shared perspective on any project. Trello’s boards, lists, and cards enable you to organize and prioritize your projects in a fun, flexible and rewarding way. 

#### [Slack](https://slack.com/) - Whatever work means for you, Slack brings all the pieces and people you need together so you can actually get things done.
   - Slack is where you access the messages, the files, the decisions, the key moments in the life of your business. It's where work happens.



### Version Control

#### [Git Hub](https://github.com/open-source) - The largest open source community in the world. [GitHubHelp](https://help.github.com/articles/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax/) - Basic writing and formatting syntax. [GitHubPages](https://pages.github.com/) - Websites for you and your projects. Hosted directly from your GitHub repository. Just edit, push, and your changes are live.

   - Get the most out of open source. Open source software is free for you to use and explore. Get involved to perfect your craft and be part of something big.

#### [Backlog](http://backlogtool.com/) - Project Management Tool for Developers.
   - Release high-quality software and web projects, faster.



### Web Tools

#### [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) - Get straight to building apps.
   - Setting up, operating and maintaining your own platform is not where the race is won. Avoid the risk and complexity, and dedicate your energy to what really matters: building great apps.

#### [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) - As an asynchronous event driven JavaScript runtime, Node is designed to build scalable network applications.
   - Node.js® is a JavaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine. Node.js uses an event-driven, non-blocking I/O model that makes it lightweight and efficient. Node.js' package ecosystem, npm, is the largest ecosystem of open source libraries in the world.

#### [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) - For the ones who dream big & think ahead to create the things we can’t live without.
   - The best way to deploy, operate, and scale MongoDB in the cloud. Available on AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud Platform. Easily migrate your data to MongoDB Atlas with zero downtime. MongoDB is a document database with the scalability and flexibility that you want with the querying and indexing that you need.

#### [Express](https://expressjs.com/) - Fast, unopinionated, minimalist web framework for Node.js.
   - Express is a minimal and flexible Node.js web application framework that provides a robust set of features for web and mobile applications.

#### [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/) - AngularJS lets you extend HTML vocabulary for your application.
   - HTML is great for declaring static documents, but it falters when we try to use it for declaring dynamic views in web-applications. AngularJS lets you extend HTML vocabulary for your application. The resulting environment is extraordinarily expressive, readable, and quick to develop.

#### [Angular2](https://angular.io/) - One framework. Mobile & desktop.
   - Learn one way to build applications with Angular and reuse your code and abilities to build apps for any deployment target. For web, mobile web, native mobile and native desktop.

#### [Synk](https://snyk.io/) - Snyk continuously finds and fixes vulnerabilities in your dependencies.
   - Protect and monitor your JavaScript, Ruby and Java apps.

#### [RawGit](https://rawgit.com/) - RawGit serves raw files directly from GitHub with proper Content-Type headers.
   - RawGit serves raw files directly from GitHub with proper Content-Type headers.

#### [Semantic](https://semantic-ui.com/) - User Interface is the language of the web. Design Beautiful Websites Quicker.
   - Semantic is a development framework that helps create beautiful, responsive layouts using human-friendly HTML.

#### [Nucleo](https://nucleoapp.com/) - Nucleo is a library of icons with super powers.
   - Search, Customize, Export 8387 Icons.

#### [Font Awesome](http://fontawesome.io/) - The iconic font and CSS toolkit.
   - Font Awesome is a font and icon toolkit based on CSS and LESS. It was made by Dave Gandy for use with Twitter Bootstrap, and later was incorporated into the BootstrapCDN

#### [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) - Designed for everyone, everywhere.
#### [Bootswatch](https://bootswatch.com/) - Free themes for Bootstrap.
   - Bootstrap is the most popular HTML, CSS, and JS framework for developing responsive, mobile first projects on the web.

#### [Regexr](http://regexr.com/) - Regular expressions.
   - RegExr uses your browser's RegExp engine for matching, and its syntax highlighting and documentation reflect the JavaScript RegExp standard.



### Online Compiler

#### [repl.it](https://repl.it/sessions) - Is to make programming more accessible. We build powerful yet simple tools and platforms for educators, learners, and developers.
   - Simple, reliable, and portable cloud coding interface. A community of teachers, students and engineers.
   
#### [Fiddle](https://jsfiddle.net/) - Test your JavaScript, CSS, HTML or CoffeeScript online with JSFiddle code editor.
   - Test your JavaScript, CSS, HTML or CoffeeScript online with JSFiddle code editor.

#### [Ideone](http://ideone.com/) - Choose a programming language, enter the source code with optional input data... and you are ready to go!
   - Ideone is an online compiler and debugging tool which allows you to compile source code and execute it online in more than 60 programming languages.



### Forum

#### [Stackoverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/) - Stack Overflow is the largest online community for programmers to learn, share their knowledge, and advance their careers.
   - Stack Overflow is a community of 7.3 million programmers, just like you, helping each other. 
Join them; it only takes a minute.

#### [Reedit](https://www.reddit.com/) - Reddit bridges communities and individuals with ideas, the latest digital trends, and breaking news.
   - Our mission is to help people discover places where they can be their true selves, and empower our community to flourish.



### Articles

#### [Code Pen](https://codepen.io/) - CodePen is a social development environment for front-end designers and developers. 👋
   - It’s the best place to build and deploy a website, show off your work, build test cases, and find inspiration.

#### [Tutorialpoints](http://www.tutorialspoint.com/) - The largest Tutorials Library on the web.
   - Enjoy theory and lab at the same time, right here online.

#### [Inspirational Pixels](http://inspirationalpixels.com/) - Tutorials, Articles, Videos, Freebies and Resources.
   - Inspirational Pixels (or just IP for short) started life back in September of 2013. I wanted a place to share all the tips, tricks and knowledge I learn every day in the hope of helping my fellow web designers and developers improve their craft.

```
http://inspirationalpixels.com/
http://inspirationalpixels.com/articles/dribbble-shots-week-1
http://inspirationalpixels.com/snippets/social-color-variables-sass
```

#### [Call Me Nick](http://callmenick.com/) - Tutorials, Snippets, Articles, Resources and Projects.
   - Web Design, Web Development, & App Development.

```
http://callmenick.com/post/animating-css-only-hamburger-menu-icons
http://callmenick.com/_development/icons-css3-transitions/index.html
```

#### [Web Design](https://webdesign.tutsplus.com/) - Free tutorials, learning guides, and online courses to help you learn web design.
   - Free tutorials, learning guides, and online courses to help you learn web design. Whether it’s interface design, UX, front-end development, motion design, accessibility, business, or something you’ve not yet discovered, our team of expert instructors have you covered!

```
https://webdesign.tutsplus.com/articles/css3-transitions-and-transforms-from-scratch--webdesign-4975
```

#### [dzurico](http://www.dzurico.com/) - Blog about Angular and Javascript.
   - Blog about Angular and Javascript.

#### [Web Designer](https://1stwebdesigner.com/) - Helping you build a better web.
   - We are 1stWebDesigner and we’re on a mission to help you build a better web. The content you’ll find on this website has been created by web design professionals, for web design professionals. So whether you’re interested in learning more about web design or you want to contribute your work for the web design community’s edification, we have something for you.

```
https://1stwebdesigner.com/
http://hellomonday.com/
```

#### [Medium](https://medium.com/swlh/creative-form-input-field-design-examples-bfe5dd50808a) - Epic form & input field design Trends.
   - Epic form & input field design Trends.

#### [Site Point](https://www.sitepoint.com/) - We're helping you create a better web. Curated by the whole SitePoint team.
   - Learn Web Design & Development with SitePoint tutorials, courses and books - HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, PHP, mobile app development, Responsive Web Design.

#### [Material](https://material.io/) - GUIDELINES & RESOURCES, TOOLS
   - Material Design is a unified system that combines theory, resources, and tools for crafting digital experiences.



### IDE
#### Integrated development environment

#### [60 lists of Recommended IDE](https://www.slant.co/topics/12/~best-programming-text-editors) - 60 lists of IDE 'Recommended Products'.
   - A text editor is a program that is used for the purpose of editing plain text files. In the context of this question, a programming text editor is used for writing code and has features that help developers with their tasks, such as auto-indentation or automatic code formatting.

#### [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/) - Sublime Text is a sophisticated text editor for code, markup and prose.
   - Sublime Text is a sophisticated text editor for code, markup and prose.
You'll love the slick user interface, extraordinary features and amazing performance.

#### [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) - Code editing. Redefined.
   - Code editing. Redefined. Free. Open source. Runs everywhere.

#### [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/) - The drive to develop with a price.
   - Whichever technologies you use, there's a JetBrains tool to match.

## Design

#### [coolhueh](https://webkul.github.io/coolhue/) - Coolest handpicked Gradient Hues for your next super ⚡ amazing stuff.
   - Coolest handpicked Gradient Hues for your next super ⚡ amazing stuff.

#### [Dribble](https://dribbble.com/) - Show and tell for designers
   - What are you working on? Dribbble is a community of designers sharing screenshots of their work, process, and projects.

```
https://dribbble.com/shots/2921655-Dashboard/attachments/606194
```

#### [Paletton](http://paletton.com/) - The Color Scheme Designer.
   - The Color Scheme Designer



## Random
#### Search Engine, Education and Fun Staff

#### [Common Office for Mac keyboard shortcuts](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Common-Office-for-Mac-keyboard-shortcuts-307f469a-1a05-4263-9b55-49df19a8b8ff) and [Mac keyboard shortcuts](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201236) - Common Office for Mac keyboard shortcuts.
   - Common Office for Mac keyboard shortcuts.

#### [Chrome keyboard shortcuts](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/157179?hl=en) - Learn keyboard shortcuts and become a pro at using Chrome.
   - Learn keyboard shortcuts and become a pro at using Chrome.

#### [Emojipedia](http://emojipedia.org/) - The emoji search engine. 
   - The emoji search engine. A fast emoji search experience with options to browse every emoji by name, category, or platform.

#### [Duck Duck Go](https://duckduckgo.com/) - DuckDuckGo is the search engine that doesn't track you.
   - We don’t store your personal information. Ever. We don’t follow you around with ads. We don’t track you in or out of private browsing mode.

#### [Code Academy](https://www.codecademy.com/) - Learn to code interactively, for free.
   - About Codecademy. It is an education company. But not one in the way you might think. We're committed to building the best learning experience inside and out, making Codecademy the best place for our team to learn, teach, and create the online learning experience of the future.

#### [Code House](https://codyhouse.co/) - Courses and Libraries for Web Designers.
   - A free library of HTML, CSS, JS nuggets.

#### [Code Fights](https://codefights.com/) - Make coding fun again!
   - Keep your skills sharp by solving our challenges, or test your mettle against thousands of other engineers by joining a monthly tournament. Advance through skill levels while earning badges and XP for every win.

```
https://codefights.com/arcade/intro/level-1/jwr339Kq6e3LQTsfa/description`
https://codefights.com/arcade/intro/level-1
```

#### [Coding Bat](http://codingbat.com/) - Code practice of coding problems in Java and Python.
   - CodingBat is a free site of live coding problems to build coding skill in Java and Python.

#### [JavaScriptSource](http://www.javascriptsource.com) - The JavaScript Source is an excellent JavaScript resource with tons of "cut and paste" JavaScript examples for your Web pages. All for free!
```
http://www.javascriptsource.com/passwords/
```

#### [blog.jscrambler](https://jscrambler.com/?_ga=2.5923377.308557535.1499045705-2075519561.1499045705) - Jscrambler ensures the integrity of your Web Application on the Client-Side
```
https://blog.jscrambler.com/12-extremely-useful-hacks-for-javascript/
```

#### [hivelogic](http://hivelogic.com/) - Hivelogic is a website about tech, code, podcasting, creativity, and the mind, written by Dan Benjamin of 5by5 Studios since 2000.

```
http://hivelogic.com/articles/top-10-programming-fonts/
```

#### [unetbootin.github.io](http://unetbootin.github.io/) - UNetbootin allows you to create bootable Live USB drives for Ubuntu and other Linux distributions without burning a CD.


#### [Laravel 5 on Windows)](https://www.codementor.io/magarrent/how-to-install-laravel-5-xampp-windows-du107u9ji) - How to install Laravel 5 with Xampp (Windows).

Commit message:

Add new pages for standard code, npm, nodejs practices and how to become a backend developer

README.md, after:

# Amazing Pages that I found in 2017 👋


## Table of Contents
- [Development](#development)
   - [Project Management](#project-management)
   - [Version Control](#version-control)
   - [Web](#web-tools)
   - [Online Compiler](#online-compiler)
   - [Forum](#forum)
   - [Articles](#articles)
   - [Editor](#ide)
   - [Design](#design)
   - [Practices](#practices)
   - [How to be Backend Developer](#backenddev)
- [Random](#random)

## Development

### Project Management

#### [Trello](https://trello.com/) - Trello lets you work more collaboratively and get more done.
   - Trusted by millions, Trello is the visual collaboration tool that creates a shared perspective on any project. Trello’s boards, lists, and cards enable you to organize and prioritize your projects in a fun, flexible and rewarding way. 

#### [Slack](https://slack.com/) - Whatever work means for you, Slack brings all the pieces and people you need together so you can actually get things done.
   - Slack is where you access the messages, the files, the decisions, the key moments in the life of your business. It's where work happens.



### Version Control

#### [Git Hub](https://github.com/open-source) - The largest open source community in the world. [GitHubHelp](https://help.github.com/articles/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax/) - Basic writing and formatting syntax. [GitHubPages](https://pages.github.com/) - Websites for you and your projects. Hosted directly from your GitHub repository. Just edit, push, and your changes are live.

   - Get the most out of open source. Open source software is free for you to use and explore. Get involved to perfect your craft and be part of something big.

#### [Backlog](http://backlogtool.com/) - Project Management Tool for Developers.
   - Release high-quality software and web projects, faster.



### Web Tools

#### [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) - Get straight to building apps.
   - Setting up, operating and maintaining your own platform is not where the race is won. Avoid the risk and complexity, and dedicate your energy to what really matters: building great apps.

#### [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) - As an asynchronous event driven JavaScript runtime, Node is designed to build scalable network applications.
   - Node.js® is a JavaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine. Node.js uses an event-driven, non-blocking I/O model that makes it lightweight and efficient. Node.js' package ecosystem, npm, is the largest ecosystem of open source libraries in the world.

#### [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/) - For the ones who dream big & think ahead to create the things we can’t live without.
   - The best way to deploy, operate, and scale MongoDB in the cloud. Available on AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud Platform. Easily migrate your data to MongoDB Atlas with zero downtime. MongoDB is a document database with the scalability and flexibility that you want with the querying and indexing that you need.

#### [Express](https://expressjs.com/) - Fast, unopinionated, minimalist web framework for Node.js.
   - Express is a minimal and flexible Node.js web application framework that provides a robust set of features for web and mobile applications.

#### [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/) - AngularJS lets you extend HTML vocabulary for your application.
   - HTML is great for declaring static documents, but it falters when we try to use it for declaring dynamic views in web-applications. AngularJS lets you extend HTML vocabulary for your application. The resulting environment is extraordinarily expressive, readable, and quick to develop.

#### [Angular2](https://angular.io/) - One framework. Mobile & desktop.
   - Learn one way to build applications with Angular and reuse your code and abilities to build apps for any deployment target. For web, mobile web, native mobile and native desktop.

#### [Synk](https://snyk.io/) - Snyk continuously finds and fixes vulnerabilities in your dependencies.
   - Protect and monitor your JavaScript, Ruby and Java apps.

#### [RawGit](https://rawgit.com/) - RawGit serves raw files directly from GitHub with proper Content-Type headers.
   - RawGit serves raw files directly from GitHub with proper Content-Type headers.

#### [Semantic](https://semantic-ui.com/) - User Interface is the language of the web. Design Beautiful Websites Quicker.
   - Semantic is a development framework that helps create beautiful, responsive layouts using human-friendly HTML.

#### [Nucleo](https://nucleoapp.com/) - Nucleo is a library of icons with super powers.
   - Search, Customize, Export 8387 Icons.

#### [Font Awesome](http://fontawesome.io/) - The iconic font and CSS toolkit.
   - Font Awesome is a font and icon toolkit based on CSS and LESS. It was made by Dave Gandy for use with Twitter Bootstrap, and later was incorporated into the BootstrapCDN

#### [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) - Designed for everyone, everywhere.
#### [Bootswatch](https://bootswatch.com/) - Free themes for Bootstrap.
   - Bootstrap is the most popular HTML, CSS, and JS framework for developing responsive, mobile first projects on the web.

#### [Regexr](http://regexr.com/) - Regular expressions.
   - RegExr uses your browser's RegExp engine for matching, and its syntax highlighting and documentation reflect the JavaScript RegExp standard.



### Online Compiler

#### [repl.it](https://repl.it/sessions) - Is to make programming more accessible. We build powerful yet simple tools and platforms for educators, learners, and developers.
   - Simple, reliable, and portable cloud coding interface. A community of teachers, students and engineers.
   
#### [Fiddle](https://jsfiddle.net/) - Test your JavaScript, CSS, HTML or CoffeeScript online with JSFiddle code editor.
   - Test your JavaScript, CSS, HTML or CoffeeScript online with JSFiddle code editor.

#### [Ideone](http://ideone.com/) - Choose a programming language, enter the source code with optional input data... and you are ready to go!
   - Ideone is an online compiler and debugging tool which allows you to compile source code and execute it online in more than 60 programming languages.



### Forum

#### [Stackoverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/) - Stack Overflow is the largest online community for programmers to learn, share their knowledge, and advance their careers.
   - Stack Overflow is a community of 7.3 million programmers, just like you, helping each other. 
Join them; it only takes a minute.

#### [Reedit](https://www.reddit.com/) - Reddit bridges communities and individuals with ideas, the latest digital trends, and breaking news.
   - Our mission is to help people discover places where they can be their true selves, and empower our community to flourish.

### Practices

#### [Code Standard Practices](https://github.com/gahdada01/javascript)
#### [NPM Practices](https://blog.risingstack.com/nodejs-at-scale-npm-best-practices/)
#### [Nodejs Project Structure Practices](https://blog.risingstack.com/node-hero-node-js-project-structure-tutorial/)
#### [Nodejs Rest API Practices](https://blog.risingstack.com/10-best-practices-for-writing-node-js-rest-apis/)

### How to be Backend Developer

#### (To be a Backend Developer)(https://medium.com/tech-tajawal/modern-backend-developer-in-2018-6b3f7b5f8b9)

### Articles

#### [Code Pen](https://codepen.io/) - CodePen is a social development environment for front-end designers and developers. 👋
   - It’s the best place to build and deploy a website, show off your work, build test cases, and find inspiration.

#### [Tutorialpoints](http://www.tutorialspoint.com/) - The largest Tutorials Library on the web.
   - Enjoy theory and lab at the same time, right here online.

#### [Inspirational Pixels](http://inspirationalpixels.com/) - Tutorials, Articles, Videos, Freebies and Resources.
   - Inspirational Pixels (or just IP for short) started life back in September of 2013. I wanted a place to share all the tips, tricks and knowledge I learn every day in the hope of helping my fellow web designers and developers improve their craft.

```
http://inspirationalpixels.com/
http://inspirationalpixels.com/articles/dribbble-shots-week-1
http://inspirationalpixels.com/snippets/social-color-variables-sass
```

#### [Call Me Nick](http://callmenick.com/) - Tutorials, Snippets, Articles, Resources and Projects.
   - Web Design, Web Development, & App Development.

```
http://callmenick.com/post/animating-css-only-hamburger-menu-icons
http://callmenick.com/_development/icons-css3-transitions/index.html
```

#### [Web Design](https://webdesign.tutsplus.com/) - Free tutorials, learning guides, and online courses to help you learn web design.
   - Free tutorials, learning guides, and online courses to help you learn web design. Whether it’s interface design, UX, front-end development, motion design, accessibility, business, or something you’ve not yet discovered, our team of expert instructors have you covered!

```
https://webdesign.tutsplus.com/articles/css3-transitions-and-transforms-from-scratch--webdesign-4975
```

#### [dzurico](http://www.dzurico.com/) - Blog about Angular and Javascript.
   - Blog about Angular and Javascript.

#### [Web Designer](https://1stwebdesigner.com/) - Helping you build a better web.
   - We are 1stWebDesigner and we’re on a mission to help you build a better web. The content you’ll find on this website has been created by web design professionals, for web design professionals. So whether you’re interested in learning more about web design or you want to contribute your work for the web design community’s edification, we have something for you.

```
https://1stwebdesigner.com/
http://hellomonday.com/
```

#### [Medium](https://medium.com/swlh/creative-form-input-field-design-examples-bfe5dd50808a) - Epic form & input field design Trends.
   - Epic form & input field design Trends.

#### [Site Point](https://www.sitepoint.com/) - We're helping you create a better web. Curated by the whole SitePoint team.
   - Learn Web Design & Development with SitePoint tutorials, courses and books - HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, PHP, mobile app development, Responsive Web Design.

#### [Material](https://material.io/) - GUIDELINES & RESOURCES, TOOLS
   - Material Design is a unified system that combines theory, resources, and tools for crafting digital experiences.



### IDE
#### Integrated development environment

#### [60 lists of Recommended IDE](https://www.slant.co/topics/12/~best-programming-text-editors) - 60 lists of IDE 'Recommended Products'.
   - A text editor is a program that is used for the purpose of editing plain text files. In the context of this question, a programming text editor is used for writing code and has features that help developers with their tasks, such as auto-indentation or automatic code formatting.

#### [Sublime Text](http://www.sublimetext.com/) - Sublime Text is a sophisticated text editor for code, markup and prose.
   - Sublime Text is a sophisticated text editor for code, markup and prose.
You'll love the slick user interface, extraordinary features and amazing performance.

#### [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) - Code editing. Redefined.
   - Code editing. Redefined. Free. Open source. Runs everywhere.

#### [IntelliJ IDEA](https://www.jetbrains.com/) - The drive to develop with a price.
   - Whichever technologies you use, there's a JetBrains tool to match.

## Design

#### [coolhueh](https://webkul.github.io/coolhue/) - Coolest handpicked Gradient Hues for your next super ⚡ amazing stuff.
   - Coolest handpicked Gradient Hues for your next super ⚡ amazing stuff.

#### [Dribble](https://dribbble.com/) - Show and tell for designers
   - What are you working on? Dribbble is a community of designers sharing screenshots of their work, process, and projects.

```
https://dribbble.com/shots/2921655-Dashboard/attachments/606194
```

#### [Paletton](http://paletton.com/) - The Color Scheme Designer.
   - The Color Scheme Designer



## Random
#### Search Engine, Education and Fun Staff

#### [Common Office for Mac keyboard shortcuts](https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Common-Office-for-Mac-keyboard-shortcuts-307f469a-1a05-4263-9b55-49df19a8b8ff) and [Mac keyboard shortcuts](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201236) - Common Office for Mac keyboard shortcuts.
   - Common Office for Mac keyboard shortcuts.

#### [Chrome keyboard shortcuts](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/157179?hl=en) - Learn keyboard shortcuts and become a pro at using Chrome.
   - Learn keyboard shortcuts and become a pro at using Chrome.

#### [Emojipedia](http://emojipedia.org/) - The emoji search engine. 
   - The emoji search engine. A fast emoji search experience with options to browse every emoji by name, category, or platform.

#### [Duck Duck Go](https://duckduckgo.com/) - DuckDuckGo is the search engine that doesn't track you.
   - We don’t store your personal information. Ever. We don’t follow you around with ads. We don’t track you in or out of private browsing mode.

#### [Code Academy](https://www.codecademy.com/) - Learn to code interactively, for free.
   - About Codecademy. It is an education company. But not one in the way you might think. We're committed to building the best learning experience inside and out, making Codecademy the best place for our team to learn, teach, and create the online learning experience of the future.

#### [Code House](https://codyhouse.co/) - Courses and Libraries for Web Designers.
   - A free library of HTML, CSS, JS nuggets.

#### [Code Fights](https://codefights.com/) - Make coding fun again!
   - Keep your skills sharp by solving our challenges, or test your mettle against thousands of other engineers by joining a monthly tournament. Advance through skill levels while earning badges and XP for every win.

```
https://codefights.com/arcade/intro/level-1/jwr339Kq6e3LQTsfa/description`
https://codefights.com/arcade/intro/level-1
```

#### [Coding Bat](http://codingbat.com/) - Code practice of coding problems in Java and Python.
   - CodingBat is a free site of live coding problems to build coding skill in Java and Python.

#### [JavaScriptSource](http://www.javascriptsource.com) - The JavaScript Source is an excellent JavaScript resource with tons of "cut and paste" JavaScript examples for your Web pages. All for free!
```
http://www.javascriptsource.com/passwords/
```

#### [blog.jscrambler](https://jscrambler.com/?_ga=2.5923377.308557535.1499045705-2075519561.1499045705) - Jscrambler ensures the integrity of your Web Application on the Client-Side
```
https://blog.jscrambler.com/12-extremely-useful-hacks-for-javascript/
```

#### [hivelogic](http://hivelogic.com/) - Hivelogic is a website about tech, code, podcasting, creativity, and the mind, written by Dan Benjamin of 5by5 Studios since 2000.

```
http://hivelogic.com/articles/top-10-programming-fonts/
```

#### [unetbootin.github.io](http://unetbootin.github.io/) - UNetbootin allows you to create bootable Live USB drives for Ubuntu and other Linux distributions without burning a CD.


#### [Laravel 5 on Windows)](https://www.codementor.io/magarrent/how-to-install-laravel-5-xampp-windows-du107u9ji) - How to install Laravel 5 with Xampp (Windows).
